docs: add authentication how-to (#5402)
canonical/snapcraft: docs/how-to/publish/authenticate.rst

.. _how-to-authenticate:

Authenticate
============

To manage and publish snaps on a snap store, you must be logged in to a Snapcraft
developer account. Snapcraft account credentials can also be exported for use on systems

> where login is not possible or desired, such as offline systems.

Author: https://github.com/canonical/snapcraft/pull/5402/commits/5c1a44436154c5d023110bc672fde7726f4b8c18

Log in to your Snapcraft account
--------------------------------

To log in to your Snapcraft developer account from the terminal, run:

.. code-block:: bash

    snapcraft login

This will prompt you to enter your email, password, and, if applicable, your second
factor authentication code.

Export Snapcraft account credentials
------------------------------------

To export Snapcraft account credentials, run the ``export-login`` command followed
by a name for the resulting credentials file:

.. code-block:: bash

    snapcraft export-login <credentials-filename>

Like ``snapcraft login``, this will prompt you to enter your email, password, and second
factor authentication code. Once entered, your account credentials will be exported to a
file in your current directory with the name you specified.

> 

Reviewer: A note about running `snapcraft help export-login` for fine tune the credentials might be worth it (specific snaps, channels, ...)

Note that credentials exported with Snapcraft 7 can only be used with Snapcraft 7 or

> greater.

Reviewer: not sure if this bit could be served by one of those quote blocks

Reviewer 2: I agree in this particular case. And it applies to everything in this section, so the top of the section is probably the proper place for it.

Authenticate with exported account credentials
----------------------------------------------

To authenticate with exported credentials, the contents of the credentials file must be
placed in the ``SNAPCRAFT_STORE_CREDENTIALS`` environment variable. This can be
accomplished by running:

.. code-block:: bash

    export SNAPCRAFT_STORE_CREDENTIALS=$(cat <credentials-filename>)

On older versions of Snapcraft, you can also authenticate with exported credentials by
running:

.. code-block:: bash

    snapcraft login --with <credentials-filename>

Verify exported account credentials
-----------------------------------

> To verify that your account credentials are working, run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After authenticating with a file, you can verify that your account credentials are
working with:
```

Author: https://github.com/canonical/snapcraft/pull/5402/commits/5c1a44436154c5d023110bc672fde7726f4b8c18

.. _how-to-authenticate:

Authenticate
============

To manage and publish snaps on a snap store, you must be logged in to a Snapcraft
developer account. File-based authentication is also available for deployments where
login isn't possible or desired, such as private networks.

Log in to your Snapcraft account
--------------------------------

To log in to your Snapcraft developer account from the terminal, run:

.. code-block:: bash

    snapcraft login

This will prompt you to enter your email, password, and, if applicable, your second
factor authentication code.

Export Snapcraft account credentials
------------------------------------

.. note::

    Credentials exported with Snapcraft 7 can only be used with Snapcraft 7 or

>     greater.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    higher.
```

Author: Ahh thank you, I thought the original word choice sounded odd myself.
